And next up we have topics topics are simply the subject part of the messages.
The heading of the queue topics are defined as routing key for message Grubin.
So with that routing key defined you can deliver your messages to proper cues and proper consumers.
For routing key configuration there is a special formatting such as app that looks that error is a way
of defining a topic.
So you define your configuration as apt.
Loxton error and you indicate that your topic is about application error logging.
Simple as that.
Of course there are optional parameters for message exchange.
So while you're defining your topic you can have some optional parameters injected to your topic and
queue definition.
And we're definitely going to see that in the following lectures.
You can send and receive messages without any topic information.
So this is again the default exchange and default topic.
You can simply send a message without indicating anything and your message is being delivered to default
exchange and rabbit in queue with that default exchange.
Then your message is being binded to default to that.
With the full queue if the consumer is listening to that your consumer then can receive the message.
Simple as that.
Topic exchanges are defined using topics for message delivery.
So this is the key concept from the default messaging.
You have to define a topic to use a topic exchange.
Otherwise there is no point in defining a topic exchange.